the attack on Palestinians seeking Aid
in Gaza earlier this morning well US
President Joe Biden has just been
talking about it and specifically the
effect that that attack that incident
could have on ceasefire
negotiations all right let's go live to
Washington DC I'm joined by our White
House correspondent Kimberly hit
Kimberly thanks for the scramble uh I
understand the US president was just
made those comments publicly what did he
say yeah well first of all uh what he
said is that there are two competing
versions of what has happened in terms
of the account uh now he didn't
elaborate on what he said might be that
alternate version of what he believes
may have happened so we're trying to uh
determine what it is that the president
exactly meant with regard to that uh but
he certainly seems to be suggesting that
the account of what happened that led to
to the deaths of more than a 100 people
uh is perhaps uh there may be an
alternative explanation uh this may be
the United States once again introducing
um some sort of excuse for the behavior
of the Israeli soldiers uh this we're
are not entirely clear but that does
seem to be the suggestion what he also
is saying is that he is acknowledging
that this will complicate
negotiations and that leads to the other
point that the US president pres made as
he approached Marine One on his way to
the southern border of the United States
essentially saying and and casting doubt
on comments he made earlier in the week
when he suggested that a temporary
ceasefire one that many had hoped would
last weeks could be reached by the end
of the weekend possibly Monday now the
US president walking those comments back
saying that Hope Springs Eternal and it
may not be by Monday now uh there are a
number of reasons that why the president
may possibly be saying this uh there we
know have been suggestions and a lot of
criticism here in the United States that
the president was merely intimating that
this could be progress in these
negotiations for political purposes
there was a primary a key primary that
happened here in the United States on
Tuesday in the Battleground state of
Michigan where there is a large Arab
American population and this would
certainly seeing hope for some sort of
breakthrough in these negotiations and a
temporary ceasefire would favor the
president politically uh so walking
these comments now that back now that
that uh Battleground vote has happened
certainly is not entirely surprising but
again we have no way to ascertain that
to be correct this is purely
speculation all right Kimberly hit thank
you again thank you for the scramble
these are comments that the US President
Joe Biden made just a short while ago
Biden saying we may not get a ceasefire
deal by Monday walking back a comment
that he himself had made and a deadline
he himself had floated only a few days
prior Kimberly hit reporting from
Washington DC thank you